fear is a basic human emotions what
frightened you more the evil they know
but the evil that you don't know
doors coming
I've seen it in my dreams
settled is taking command of a prototype
Oh Alma's that's everything in motion
she's essentially reaching out in the
first game and finds one of her clone
offspring and uses him to try and free
her here to actually starts 30 minutes
or so before fear and fear 2 begins with
you going after Genevieve aresty who is
the president of armed cam and is behind
this whole mess but then this explosion
happens which is the event from the end
of fear
and then everything changes
the community get out of there Alma is
now unleashed